RHDEVDOCS-4234: Adding SME feedback (#49201)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-creating-a-binding-connection-between-components.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * applications/connecting_applications_to_services/odc-connecting-an-application-to-a-service-using-the-developer-perspective.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="odc-creating-a-binding-connection-between-components_{context}"]
= Creating a binding connection between components

> This procedure walks through an example of creating a binding connection between a PostgreSQL Database service and a Spring PetClinic sample application. To create a binding connection with a service that is backed by the PostgreSQL Database Operator, you must first add the Red Hat-provided PostgreSQL Database Operator to the *OperatorHub*, and then install the Operator. The PostreSQL Database Operator then creates and manages the `Database` resource, which exposes the binding information in secrets, config maps, status, and spec attributes.

Reviewer: I'm sorry, I meant to raise this point earlier, but I have a few issues with the first sentence here:

`This procedure` is not in line with page 54 of **ibm_style_Q2_2022**:
_"Avoid self-referential text whenever possible, such as "This topic is about" or "This section describes"."_

Also, `This procedure walks` is an anthropomorphism, which is not in line with page 77 of **ibm_style_Q2_2022**:
_"Do not assign human characteristics to inanimate objects, which are incapable of human behaviors and emotions."_
The procedure doesn't have legs and cannot walk. It's pretty clear to me that intended meaning was to `walk you through an example`, but `you` is missing here, and even so I don't recommend using this phrase in the docs because it's not the literal meaning and as such is not good for international audiences (this isn't a text about walking).

Reviewer: BTW, I previously suggested a solution to this, but my suggestion was discarded:
https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/49201#discussion_r962729192

Reviewer 2: @Dhruv-Soni11 Please replace the 1st sentence "This procedure ...application." with this: "You can create a binding connection with Operator-backed components, as demonstrated in the following example, which uses a PostgreSQL Database service and a Spring PetClinic sample application in the YAML view.

Author: @Srivaralakshmi - Thanks for suggesting this change. I have gone ahead and made it in the content.

> You can create a binding connection with Operator-backed components, as demonstrated in the following example, which uses a PostgreSQL Database service and a Spring PetClinic sample application in the YAML view. To create a binding connection with a service that the PostgreSQL Database Operator backs, you must first add the Red Hat-provided PostgreSQL Database Operator to the *OperatorHub*, and then install the Operator. The PostreSQL Database Operator then creates and manages the Database resource, which exposes the binding data in secrets, config maps, status, and spec attributes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create a binding connection with Operator-backed components, as demonstrated in the following example, which uses a PostgreSQL Database service and a Spring PetClinic sample application. To create a binding connection with a service that the PostgreSQL Database Operator backs, you must first add the Red Hat-provided PostgreSQL Database Operator to the *OperatorHub*, and then install the Operator. The PostreSQL Database Operator then creates and manages the Database resource, which exposes the binding data in secrets, config maps, status, and spec attributes.
```

Author: Fixed.

> You can create a binding connection with Operator-backed components, as demonstrated in the following example, which uses a PostgreSQL Database service and a Spring PetClinic sample application in the YAML view. To create a binding connection with a service that is backed by the PostgreSQL Database Operator, you must first add the Red Hat provided PostgreSQL Database Operator to the *OperatorHub*, and then install the Operator. The PostreSQL Database Operator then creates and manages the Database resource, which exposes the binding data in secrets, config maps, status, and spec attributes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create a binding connection with Operator-backed components, as demonstrated in the following example, which uses a PostgreSQL Database service and a Spring PetClinic sample application in the YAML view. To create a binding connection with a service that the PostgreSQL Database Operator backs, you must first add the Red Hat-provided PostgreSQL Database Operator to the *OperatorHub*, and then install the Operator. The PostreSQL Database Operator then creates and manages the Database resource, which exposes the binding data in secrets, config maps, status, and spec attributes.
```

Author: Fixed.

* You installed {servicebinding-title} from the *OperatorHub*.
* You installed the *Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes* Operator from the OperatorHub in the `v5` *Update* channel.
* You created a *PostgresCluster* resource in the *Developer* perspective, which resulted in a Crunchy PostgreSQL database instance with the following components: `hippo-backup`, `hippo-instance`, `hippo-repo-host`, and `hippo-pgbouncer`.

.Procedure

. In the *Developer* perspective, switch to the relevant project, for example, `my-petclinic`.
. In the *Topology* view, hover over the Spring PetClinic sample application to see a dangling arrow on the node.
. Drag and drop the arrow onto the *hippo* database icon in the Postgres Cluster to make a binding connection with the Spring PetClinic sample application.

. In the *Create Service Binding* dialog, keep the default name or add a different name for the service binding, and then click *Create*.
+
.Service Binding dialog
image::odc-sbc-modal.png[]
. Optional: If there is difficulty in making a binding connection using the Topology view, go to *+Add* -> *YAML* -> *Import YAML*.
. Optional: In the YAML editor, add the `ServiceBinding` resource:

> + A binding connection is created through a `ServiceBinding` resource. In this example:

Reviewer 2: This line is not getting rendered correctly. Suggest you to check and rectify

Author: Fixed.

> . Optional: In the YAML editor, add the `ServiceBinding` resource:
> + A binding connection is created through a `ServiceBinding` resource. In this example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Optional: In the YAML editor, add the `ServiceBinding` resource:
```

Author: Fixed.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * applications/connecting_applications_to_services/odc-connecting-an-application-to-a-service-using-the-developer-perspective.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="odc-creating-a-binding-connection-between-components_{context}"]
= Creating a binding connection between components

You can create a binding connection between components, as demonstrated in the following example that uses a PostgresSQL database service and a Spring PetClinic sample application.

> 

Reviewer: Consider moving the following lines up here and rewriting them as a conceptual, more general introduction into this procedure:
```Suggestion
A binding connection is create using a `ServiceBinding` resource. In this example:

[source,YAML]
----
apiVersion: binding.operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: ServiceBinding
metadata:
    name: spring-petclinic-pgcluster
    namespace: my-petclinic
spec:
    services:
    - group: postgres-operator.crunchydata.com
      version: v1beta1
      kind: PostgresCluster
      name: hippo
    application:
      name: spring-petclinic
      group: apps
      version: v1
      resource: deployments
----

[TIP]
====
As an alternative to the Topology view, you can go to *+Add* -> *YAML* -> *Import YAML* and enter this `ServiceBinding` in the YAML editor.
====
```

Author: Fixed.

> To create a binding connection with a service that is backed by the Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes, add the Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes Operator to the *OperatorHub*, and install the Operator. The Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes Operator provides the PostgresCluster resource that you can use to deploy a PostgreSQL database and expose the binding information in secrets, config maps, status, and spec attributes.

Reviewer: Dhruv, I'm aware that these lines have been in the file before this PR, but to me, this paragraph appears redundant for the following reasons:

The first sentence is a restatement of one of the prerequisites. It might not be the best use of the introduction to the procedure, which should summarize or explain the procedure, not focus on a prerequisite.

The second sentence is a description of an Operator, which is also listed in the prerequisites. I'd assume that if a reader decides to try this example, at the very least they will read the description of this Operator that is provided when installing it in the OperatorHub.

Reviewer 2: @Dhruv-Soni11 and @max-cx This is the landing page for SBO on ODC from the SBO errata and we need [this old content](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/applications/connecting_applications_to_services/odc-connecting-an-application-to-a-service-using-the-developer-perspective.html#creating-a-binding-connection-between-components) back as the abstract.

The old one gives a clear and general introduction and details to the user and reads well compared to the latest one.

Author: Keeping the old content.

.Prerequisites

> * You created and deployed a Spring PetClinic sample application in the *Developer* perspective.

Reviewer: I couldn't find a Spring PetClinic sample application the **Developer** perspective in OpenShift that was provisioned using the Cluster Bot.
Is this https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-java-springboot-basic.git or something else? Is there some link, for the reader to verify that the reader installs the correct app?
I also tried to google it, and these are the results that I got:
https://github.com/redhat-developer-demos/spring-petclinic
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-petclinic
https://developers.redhat.com/quickstarts/eap/spring-petclinic#
https://redhat-developer-demos.github.io/spring-petclinic/
I don't know which one is right for me.
Could you include the correct link on `link:...[Spring PetClinic sample application]` here?

Reviewer 2: @max-cx There is a link to the Getting Started section under the Additional resources section. You will find the YAML for the application with the latest image link (from quay.io) there.

No need to add the link in the additional resources section.

Author: Keeping it as is.

* You installed {servicebinding-title} from the *OperatorHub*.

> * You installed the *Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes* Operator from the OperatorHub in the `v5` *Update* channel.

Reviewer: Consider linking to some website page about this Operator, for example: https://github.com/CrunchyData/postgres-operator/

Reviewer 2: @max-cx  @Dhruv-Soni11: There is a link to the Getting Started section under the Additional Resources section. This should suffice.

* You created a *PostgresCluster* resource in the *Developer* perspective, which resulted in a Crunchy PostgreSQL database instance with the following components: `hippo-backup`, `hippo-instance`, `hippo-repo-host`, and `hippo-pgbouncer`.

.Procedure

. In the *Developer* perspective, switch to the relevant project, for example, `my-petclinic`.
. In the *Topology* view, hover over the Spring PetClinic sample application to see a dangling arrow on the node.
. Drag and drop the arrow onto the *hippo* database icon in the Postgres Cluster to make a binding connection with the Spring PetClinic sample application.

. In the *Create Service Binding* dialog, keep the default name or add a different name for the service binding, and then click *Create*.
+
.Service Binding dialog
image::odc-sbc-modal.png[]

> . Optional, go to *+Add* -> *YAML* -> *Import YAML*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Optional: Go to *+Add* -> *YAML* -> *Import YAML*.
```

> . Optional, In the YAML editor, add the `ServiceBinding` resource:

Reviewer 2: @Dhruv, Can you try this method: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-procedures#indicating-optional-and-conditional-steps

Suggest using this method in step 5: Optional: If there is difficulty in making a binding connection using the *Topology* view, go to *+Add* -> *YAML* -> *Import YAML*.
step:: Optional: In the YAML editor, add the `ServiceBinding` resource:

Reviewer 2: @Dhruv-Soni11 I think this explicitly tells why the optional steps exist and when to use them. Try [this](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/49201/files#r974219288) method and let me know if this is clear as a user to you when you do these steps in the UI.

Author: Hey @Srivaralakshmi, i agree with you regarding the addition of the condition at the beginning of the sentence. Thank you for pointing this out. Made the changes and pushed it for review.

Author: Fixed.

> . Optional, If there is difficulty in making a binding connection using the Topology view, go to +Add -> YAML -> Import YAML.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Optional: If there is difficulty in making a binding connection using the Topology view, go to *+Add* ->* YAML* -> *Import YAML*.
```

Use single asterisks for web console / GUI items (menus, buttons, page titles, etc.). Use two characters to form the arrow in a series of menu items (->). Refer to: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#quick-markup-reference

Author: Fixed.

> . Optional, In the YAML editor, add the `ServiceBinding` resource:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Optional: In the YAML editor, add the `ServiceBinding` resource:
```

> . Optional: In the YAML editor, add the `ServiceBinding` resource:

Reviewer: You could actually get this of these two lines. See how I turned them into a tip in my suggestion in https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/49201/files#r975819799.

Reviewer 2: @max-cx @Dhruv-Soni11 This alternative flow is important within the procedure to aid the user in completing the task. I do not prefer moving it elsewhere.

Author: Keeping it as is.

[id="odc-creating-a-binding-connection-between-components_{context}"]
= Creating a binding connection between components

> You can create a binding connection between components, as demonstrated in the following example that uses a PostgresSQL database service and a Spring PetClinic sample application.

Reviewer 2: @Dhruv-Soni11 Please leave a space after L3. Refer to [Module file metadata](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#module-file-metadata)

> To create a binding connection with a service that is backed by the Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes, add the Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes operator to the *OperatorHub*, and install the Operator. The Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes Operator provides the PostgresCluster resource that you can use to deploy a PostgreSQL database and expose the binding information in secrets, config maps, status, and spec attributes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a binding connection with a service that is backed by the Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes, add the Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes Operator to the *OperatorHub*, and install the Operator. The Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes Operator provides the PostgresCluster resource that you can use to deploy a PostgreSQL database and expose the binding information in secrets, config maps, status, and spec attributes.
```

Author: Fixed.

.Procedure

. In the *Developer* perspective, switch to the relevant project, for example, `my-petclinic`.
. In the *Topology* view, hover over the Spring PetClinic sample application to see a dangling arrow on the node.
. Drag and drop the arrow onto the *hippo* database icon in the Postgres Cluster to make a binding connection with the Spring PetClinic sample application.

. In the *Create Service Binding* dialog, keep the default name or add a different name for the service binding, and then click *Create*.
+
.Service Binding dialog
image::odc-sbc-modal.png[]
+
A service binding request is created and if the service connection request is successful, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.
+
.Binding connector
image::odc-binding-connector.png[]
+
[NOTE]
====
You can also use the context menu by dragging the dangling arrow to add and create a binding connection to an operator-backed service.

.Context menu to create binding connection
image::odc_context_operator.png[]
====

. In the navigation menu, click *Topology*. The spring-petclinic deployment in the Topology view includes an Open URL link to view its web page.

. Click the *Open URL* link.

> You can now view the Spring PetClinic sample application remotely to confirm that the application is now connected to the database service and that the data has been successfully projected to the application from the Percona MySQL database service.

Reviewer 2: @Dhruv-Soni11 Here, it is the Crunchy PostgreSQL database service. Not Percona. Please change the name.

Author: Fixed.

> Once the application projects the application form successfully, the Service Binding Operator creates a working connection between the application and the database service.

Reviewer 2: @Dhruv-Soni11 a little confusing to read ...the application form. Suggest dropping this sentence. Or just say that "The Service Binding Operator has successfully created a working connection between the application and the database service." to give a nice closure.

Author: Fixed.

You can establish a binding connection with Operator-backed components.

> 

Reviewer 3: `PostgresSQL Database service` > `PostgreSQL database service`

> 

Reviewer: Thanks for catching it, Rolfe. I decapitalized Database in my suggestion,

> 

Author: Fixed.

> This procedure walks through an example of creating a binding connection between a PostgresSQL Database service and a Spring PetClinic sample application.

Author: Fixed.

> 

Author: Fixed.

> To create a binding connection with a service that is backed by the Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes, you must add the Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes operator to the *OperatorHub*, and then install the Operator. The Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes Operator provides PostgresCluster resource which then can be used to deploy a  PostgreSQL database, which exposes the binding information in secrets, config maps, status, and spec attributes.

Author: Fixed.

> When you create the service binding, the {servicebinding-title} controller projects the database service connection information into the application deployment as files by using a volume mount. After the request is successful, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.

Reviewer 2: @Max-cx and @Dhruv-Soni11  It is crucial in this context to use the word project for consistency's sake because this is the technical term we are using right from the concept stage as preferred by the SMEs of SBO. I suggest and insist on retaining this word as is and refraining from using the suggestion `inject`.

> When you create the service binding, the {servicebinding-title} controller projects the database service connection information into the application deployment as files by using a volume mount. After the request is successful, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.

Author: Thanks for providing this suggestion @Srivaralakshmi. I will keep the term as is as per your suggestion.

> When you create the service binding, the {servicebinding-title} controller projects the database service connection information into the application deployment as files by using a volume mount. After the request is successful, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.

Reviewer 3: - +1 what Max has expressed here ^^^.
- Our own official definition is here. "In OpenShift Online, **a project is a Kubernetes namespace with additional annotations**. Namespaces provide a unique scope for: Named resources to avoid basic naming collisions." https://docs.openshift.com/online/pro/architecture/core_concepts/projects_and_users.html
- Some folks are still using the Kubernetes' legacy terminology, where project == namespace. Get clarification from the SME which case we're talking about and apply the correct term according to our definition of the term.
- Avoid using "project" as a verb in this context. It creates too much semantic noise and confusion no matter the expertise of the reader. Look for a synonym such as "inject" or "insert".

> When you create the service binding, the {servicebinding-title} controller projects the database service connection information into the application deployment as files by using a volume mount. After the request is successful, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.

Reviewer 3: Would you consider using a helper verb: "can project"?

Side note: Usability studies show that most users follow a search result to a specific section of technical documentation. They rarely read the whole page from top to bottom. When confused, they are very likely to start a new web search than to dig deeper into the content.

> When you create the service binding, the {servicebinding-title} controller projects the database service connection information into the application deployment as files by using a volume mount. After the request is successful, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the suggestion. Only in places where it suits. In this particular instance, I prefer to retain the usage as is.

> When you create the service binding, the {servicebinding-title} controller projects the database service connection information into the application deployment as files by using a volume mount. After the request is successful, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.

Author: Thank you very much everyone for the detailed discussion about the usage of this term in this context. I am not going to change much and keep it as is in this instance. Fixed.

.Prerequisites

> * You have created and deployed a Spring PetClinic sample application by using the *Developer* perspective.

Reviewer: Thank you for clarifying this, Rolfe.

> * You have created and deployed a Spring PetClinic sample application by using the *Developer* perspective.

Author: I have edited the content as per Max's suggestion and I read it again. It looks fine with no language changes but I will leave it to your better judgement when you validate my content once again after I have incorporated all your comments.

> * You have installed {servicebinding-title} from the OperatorHub.

Reviewer 3: In contrast, `the *Developer* perspective` almost always uses bold formatting because it exists purely as a UI element in the web console. For example:
```
If you want to add or edit health checks in an existing pod, you must edit the pod `DeploymentConfig` object or use the *Developer* perspective in the web console. You cannot use the CLI to add or edit health checks for an existing pod.
```

> * You have installed {servicebinding-title} from the OperatorHub.

Reviewer: Good to know, Rolfe. My experience with OperatorHub has been limited to the OpenShift web console, where it is indeed a UI label, **OperatorHub**, so in my comment above, I followed the style guide guidance from https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#user-interface-elements, "Bold all graphical user interface elements, including, but not limited to, menu names, menu items, button names ..."

> * You have installed {servicebinding-title} from the OperatorHub.

Author: Fixed.

* You have installed the *Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes* Operator from the OperatorHub by using the `v5` *Update* channel.

> * You have created and deployed a Crunchy PostgreSQL database instance by creating  a *PostgresCluster* resource using the *Developer* perspective. This instance has the following components: `hippo-backup`, `hippo-instance`, `hippo-repo-host`, and `hippo-pgbouncer`.

Author: Fixed.

.Binding connector
image::odc-binding-connector.png[]

.Procedure

> . Switch to the *Developer* perspective and ensure that you are in the appropriate project, for example, `my-petclinic`. 

Author: Fixed.

. In the *Topology* view, hover over the Spring PetClinic sample application to see a dangling arrow on the node.

> . Click and drag the arrow towards the *hippo* database in the Postgres Cluster to make a binding connection with the Spring PetClinic sample application. 

Author: @divyanshiGupta - can you help me verify this comment?

> . Click and drag the arrow towards the *hippo* database in the Postgres Cluster to make a binding connection with the Spring PetClinic sample application. 

Reviewer 3: Verify that the UI displays `Postgres Cluster` as a label. If not, replace it with the correct spelling, `PostgreSQL cluster`.

> .. In the *Create Service Binding* dialog, either keep the default name or add a different name for the service binding, and click *Create*.

Author: Fixed.

. Click and drag the arrow towards the *hippo* database in the Postgres Cluster to make a binding connection with the Spring PetClinic sample application. 

.. Enter the name and click *Create*.
.. In the *Create Service Binding* dialog, either keep the default name or add a different name for the service binding, and click *Create*.
+
.Service Binding dialog
image::odc-sbc-modal.png[]

Alternatively, in the *+Add* view, click the *YAML* option to see the *Import YAML* screen. Use the YAML editor and add the `ServiceBinding` resource:

[source,YAML]
----
apiVersion: binding.operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: ServiceBinding
metadata:
    name: spring-petclinic-pgcluster
    namespace: my-petclinic
spec:
    services:
    - group: postgres-operator.crunchydata.com
      version: v1beta1
      kind: PostgresCluster
      name: hippo
    application:
      name: spring-petclinic
      group: apps
      version: v1
      resource: deployments
----

> A service binding request is created and the {servicebinding-title} controller projects the database service connection information into the application deployment as files by using a volume mount. After the request is successful, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.

Reviewer: Is there any verification step?

Reviewer 2: @max-cx Appreciate asking this question. Thanks!

@Dhruv-Soni11 See if you can use the content from step 3 of the last procedure from [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mZ2FsOyc6orU7YdmuXm1jQYnNJtoIp3Xykl4xDqLyXY/edit#heading=h.yuxyyz8paahh). Please test it in the UI form your side. Hope it helps. Thanks!

Author: @Srivaralakshmi - I have never tested the UI before with respect to this procedure. Can you help me with the same? The reason is I am unsure if I have to just run the single procedure or run a number of procedures before that to get to the current procedure.

Reviewer 2: @Dhruv-Soni11 sure, will do. We will meet tomorrow and sort this out. Thanks!

Author: Hi @Srivaralakshmi, I had a chat with @sanketpathak in this regard and In the UI you can check directly the status of an established service binding is connected if it is a positive connection.

Author: @max-cx - After a discussion with @Srivaralakshmi I had a few days ago, I have made some changes to the content as per her suggestions. Now the content looks more accurate from the completeness perspective and it also includes some other image updates suggested by her. The changes include some content addition at the end of the"**Creating a binding connection between components**" section to make sure it is now complete as well changes in the secondary section "**Adding a Service Binding connection in the YAML view**" as per your feedback.

I would request you to look at the content as I am positive that it would address your feedback.

You can establish a binding connection with Operator-backed components.

> This procedure walks through an example of creating a binding connection between a Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes service and a Spring PetClinic sample application.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This procedure walks through an example of creating a binding connection between a PostgresSQL Database service and a Spring PetClinic sample application.
```

> To create a binding connection with a service that is backed by the Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes, you must add the Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes operator to the *OperatorHub*, and then install the Operator. The Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes Operator then creates and manages the `Database` resource, which exposes the binding information in secrets, config maps, status, and spec attributes.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To create a binding connection with a service that is backed by the Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes, you must add the Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes operator to the *OperatorHub*, and then install the Operator. The Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes Operator provides PostgresCluster resource which then can be used to deploy a  PostgreSQL database, which exposes the binding information in secrets, config maps, status, and spec attributes.
```

* You have installed the *Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes* Operator from the OperatorHub by using the `v5` *Update* channel.

> * You have created and deployed a Crunchy PostgreSQL database instance by using the *Developer* perspective. This instance has the following components: `hippo-backup`, `hippo-instance`, `hippo-repo-host`, and `hippo-pgbouncer`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* You have created and deployed a Crunchy PostgreSQL database instance by creating  a *PostgresCluster* resource using the *Developer* perspective. This instance has the following components: `hippo-backup`, `hippo-instance`, `hippo-repo-host`, and `hippo-pgbouncer`.
```

.Binding connector
image::odc-binding-connector.png[]

.Procedure

. Switch to the *Developer* perspective and ensure that you are in the appropriate project, for example, `my-petclinic`. 
. In the *Topology* view, hover over the Spring PetClinic sample application to see a dangling arrow on the node.
. Click and drag the arrow towards the *hippo* database in the Postgres Cluster to make a binding connection with the Spring PetClinic sample application. 

> .. In the *Create Service Binding* dialog, enter the name of the service to connect to, and click *Create*.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
.. In the *Create Service Binding* dialog, keep the default name or enter another name for the service binding, and click *Create*.
```

Author: Fixed.

      version: v1
      resource: deployments
----
+

> A service binding request is created and a binding connection is created through a ServiceBinding resource. When the database service connection request succeeds, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A service binding request is created and a binding connection is created through a `ServiceBinding` resource. When the database service connection request succeeds, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.
```

Author: Fixed.

      version: v1
      resource: deployments
----
+

> A service binding request is created. When the database service connection request succeeds, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.

Reviewer 2: Modify this line as: 
A service binding request is created and a binding connection is created through a `ServiceBinding` resource. When the database service connection request succeeds, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.

      version: v1
      resource: deployments
----
+

> A service binding request is created and if the service connection request is successful, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A service binding request is created and if the database service connection request is successful, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.
```

Author: Fixed.

> A service binding request is created and if the database service connection request is successful, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service binding request is created. When the database service connection request succeeds, the application is redeployed and the connection is established.
```

+
.Binding connector
image::odc-binding-connector.png[]
+

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: I realize this was not added by you, Dhruv, but this looks more like a `[TIP]` rather than a `[NOTE]`.

Author: Fixed.

====
You can also use the context menu by dragging the dangling arrow to add and create a binding connection to an operator-backed service.

.Context menu to create binding connection
image::odc_context_operator.png[]
====

> . In the navigation menu, click *Topology*. The spring-petclinic deployment in the Topology view includes an Open URL link to view its web page.
> 
> . Click the *Open URL* link.

Reviewer: I wonder if it makes sense to combine these two steps into one.

I mean something like this:

```suggestion
. In the navigation menu, select *Topology* -> *Open URL*.
```

Also, as a reader, I find the following sentence redundant because it's the next step:
_The spring-petclinic deployment in the Topology view includes an Open URL link to view its web page._

Reviewer 2: The Open URL link is not very evident in the UI. Hence the sentence is included there.

The new suggestion does not state clearly where to find the Open URL link in the Topology view.

Author: Keeping it as is.

> You can now view the Spring PetClinic sample application remotely to confirm that the application is now connected to the database service and that the data has been successfully projected to the application from the Crunchy PostgreSQL database service.

Reviewer: This paragraph looks like a `.Verification` section in disguise. See https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhat-documentation/modular-docs/master/modular-docs-manual/files/TEMPLATE_PROCEDURE_doing-one-procedure.adoc.
Could it be something like so?
```suggestion
.Verification
To verify that the Service Binding Operator has successfully created a working connection between the application and the database service:
. View the Spring PetClinic sample application remotely and confirm that the application is now connected to the database service.
. Check [where/how to do this in the Spring PetClinic sample application] that the data have been successfully projected to the application from the Crunchy PostgreSQL database service.
```

Reviewer 2: @max-cx this is a mere description of the intended outcome and not a verification step.

Author: Keeping it as is.

> The Service Binding Operator has successfully created a working connection between the application and the database service.

Reviewer: i don't see how this paragraph fits into the procedure module template:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhat-documentation/modular-docs/master/modular-docs-manual/files/TEMPLATE_PROCEDURE_doing-one-procedure.adoc

Author: Keeping it as is as the earlier content was an intended outcome instead of a particular verification section.
